doc: Update README.md about proguard (#45)
margelo/react-native-skottie: README.md

yarn add react-native-skottie
```

> For Android release build, check out the [note.](#android)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Android release builds, check out this [note.](#android)
```

|-----------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------|
| SkottieAPI.createFrom | Creates a Skottie instance from a source (string, json, file import) |

### Android

#### Proguard

If you're using Proguard, make sure to add the following rule at `proguard-rules.pro`

```
# for skia, if you haven't add it
-keep class com.shopify.reactnative.skia.** { *; }

# for skottie
-keep class com.skiaskottie.** { *; }
```

> 

Reviewer: Looks good, can you just please add a notice in the Installation section at the bottom - something like:

"For android release builds [see this notice](#markdown-link-to-the-android-section)"

Author: Alright. I've moved the section under installation instead, as it makes sense for user to know this after installation.

|-----------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------|
| SkottieAPI.createFrom | Creates a Skottie instance from a source (string, json, file import) |

### Android

#### Proguard

> If you're using Proguard, make sure to add the following rule at `proguard-rules.pro`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're using Proguard, make sure to add the following rule in `proguard-rules.pro`:
```
